feat(KNO-13282): Knock hosted preference center custom domain (#1501)
knocklabs/docs: content/preferences/hosted-preference-center.mdx

## How it works

Knock hosts the preference center at `p.knock.app` by default. Each user accesses their own preferences through a signed link that looks like this:

```

> https://p.knock.app/p/<token>

Reviewer: @andy-knock assuming this change is accurate but just checking?

Author: yes!

    The preference center uses the branding configured for your account, including your logo, icon, and primary color. See [branding](/template-editor/branding) for more on how branding works in Knock.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Preview as a user">

>     Before you save, you can preview the preference center as a specific user. This renders that user's page exactly as they would see it with their current preferences and your latest configuration, so you can confirm the experience before it goes live. When a [custom domain](#custom-domain-for-the-preference-center) is assigned to the environment, the preview uses that domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before you save, you can preview the preference center as a specific user. This renders that user's page exactly as they would see it with their current preferences and your latest configuration, so you can confirm the experience before it goes live. When a [custom domain](#custom-domain-for-the-preference-center) is assigned to the current environment, the preview uses that domain.
```

Knock renders the user-specific link in the notification. Use `vars.manage_preferences_url` when you want to give users full control over their preferences via the hosted preference center. For single-click opt-out of commercial messages via the commercial unsubscribe feature, use `vars.commercial_unsubscribe_url` instead.

> Custom domains apply only to `vars.manage_preferences_url`. `vars.commercial_unsubscribe_url` works independently and is not affected by preference center custom domain configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
As above, IMO this is a bit too much information unless we expect that this is going to be a very common misunderstanding. I think we can cut this

## Copying configuration between environments

Your preference center configuration is environment-specific, just like your [preference defaults](/preferences/overview#create-a-default-preferenceset). You can copy it from one environment to another using the "Copy to..." button in the upper right corner of the preference center settings. This enables you to keep your environments in sync as you move from development to production.

## Custom domain for the preference center

By default, the hosted preference center is served at `p.knock.app`. You can configure a custom domain to serve it from your own subdomain instead, for example `prefs.yourcompany.com`.

> Once a custom domain is assigned to an environment, `{{vars.manage_preferences_url}}` automatically uses it in that environment. You don't need to update your templates. For setup steps, see [Custom domains for the preference center](/manage-your-account/custom-domains#custom-domains-for-the-preference-center). Assignment changes [take effect immediately](/manage-your-account/custom-domains#when-assignment-changes-take-effect) for newly sent messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a custom domain is assigned to an environment, your templates will automatically resolve `{{vars.manage_preferences_url}}` with your custom domain. For setup steps, see [Custom domains for the preference center](/manage-your-account/custom-domains#custom-domains-for-the-preference-center). Assignment changes take effect immediately for newly sent messages.
```
I think we can cut the second link here. Also noting that we'll need to change the link here if we make the organizational changes that I suggested on the other page above. 

Regardless of how that ends up, I do think we should consider not reusing the exact same header text on both pages (this reads as confusing to me, because it's directly underneath _this_ page's "Custom domain for the preference center" header).
